[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> If you live your life based
on other people's standards
and other people's judgments,
you're setting yourself up
for failure.
>> And I started searching
for this abundance code.
Even though people said
you can't have it all,
I decided that I wanted
to be the exception.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When you live abundantly,
you inspire others to live
abundantly.
There is no higher
purpose you could possibly
have in this world than
inspiring someone else.
And if you can inspire
abundance in someone else,
that has amazing ripples.
>> So if you can shift from "me,
me, me" to "How can I help?"
you'll find yourself
in a new world.
>> Giving as much as we can,
we'll receive more than we ever
thought humanly possible.
>> Great genius, great
poetry, great music,
great accomplishment in business
and finances all emerged from
that source of the recognition
that we're part of a greater
order in the universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Abundance is just a
completely different world.
It's simpler.
It's easier it's more
elegant, and it's more fun.
>> There's no need to win.
We've won already.
This is about us now
going and actually
creating the experience which
makes life worth living.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Sorry.
>> Can I get the check please?
>> It's been taken care of.
>> Excuse me.
By whom?
>> By the gentleman earlier.
And he left this for you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PENCIL WRITING]
>> And we search the world only
to come up empty ultimately,
but it's only when we return to
ourselves and look at ourselves
all over again that we begin to
see that maybe in some strange
amazing way that actually we
are what we've been looking for.
>> That's the great paradox is
that you seek the thing that
you already had.
>> Who already loves me?
What relationships do I
already feel fulfilled in?
Who really already cares for me?
Who do I already care for
and love and feel whole
by and with?
When I'm coming from I am
love, I am already free.
I am already love.
That, to me, is the grounding,
the beginning, the zero point
of abundance and the next
levels of manifestation, which
paradoxically happen because
you don't even care about it
so much, because you're already
free, and you are already love.
>> If you can truly appreciate
things-- appreciate life,
appreciate your possessions,
appreciate your skills,
appreciate your self,
appreciate the people with you,
that's a wealthy mindset.
And what's funny and
interesting about that,
in all of our
travels, when people
adopt that way of thinking,
then the material things
come anyway.
And then they're not important.
>> Gratitude leads to abundance,
because in the very act
of gratefulness, you recognize
that you already have.
>> You just go, oh, my gosh,
another day in paradise.
And it does not matter
how tough things are.
It doesn't matter how much
you might think that it's all
going to end tomorrow.
We're alive, and we're here.
When you come from that
place as a witness,
you can't help but
feel gratitude.
You can't help but
feel connection.
And even if it's just for
that first 10 or 20 minutes
in the day and after
that you get back
into being a human being
with all our flaws,
with all our fears,
that alone allows
you to create that rhythm and
create that sense of magic that
allows us to be able to actually
navigate from day to day.
Even swimmers need to
come up for breath.
Now, they're going to go faster
when they're actually swimming,
but by coming up
for that breath,
it allows them to continue to
maintain and become sustainable
with their journey.
And for some us, we've
forgotten to take those breaths.
>> There's such a strong cause
and effect relationship between
what's going on inside of me and
how those energies are flowing
through and how my outside
life is manifesting,
that that's the only direction
I look is inside to strengthen
that connection.
>> We have a full cycle
experience when we come
to a space of acceptance
and growth and moving out
and forward.
That cycle is "I'm the problem.
It's me.
I'm broken," to
"They're the problem.
It's them.
They're broken,"
to "Wait a minute.
It's me, but I'm not broken.
I'm this bundle of
potential and possibility
that hasn't been explored yet.
And it's that I haven't
looked deep enough.
It is me.
I was right in the beginning.
It's me.
But I haven't
looked deep enough.
I haven't tapped into all
the wonderful things."
Now we're looking within
not to find our flaws,
but to find our possibilities,
to find the things
we came in the world with.
And I firmly believe that
every person on this planet
was born with absolutely
everything they
need to live the exact
life they want to live.
They've just got to
dig in and find it.
They've got to go
in and find it.
And it's in there, because
we were born with in.
>> Within wealth and within
the idea of natural flow,
we all need to follow
a natural path.
If you take someone
like a Warren Buffett,
he said the biggest challenge
he had was public speaking.
So he doesn't spend
his time doing that.
In fact, the only
time he really speaks
is when people come to see him.
Oprah Winfrey is the opposite.
Oprah Winfrey loves getting
out there in front of people,
but she's never said
that her real strength
is being able to sit down
with a spreadsheet, which
is why she doesn't make her
wealth the same way that Warren
Buffett does.
>> Because the problems that you
face are exactly the ones you
need in order to be the most
magnificent person you can
possibly be, the problems
are actually solutions
in the making.
As they say in the
eastern mysticism,
challenge means opportunity.
And the very thing
that you think
is so holding you back is
actually the thing that's
catalyzing you to go forward.
[MUSIC - JULIE ANN CAIRNS,
"TRAIN"]
>> (SINGING) I make little
plans for dreams I've been sold.
But inside I'm feeling the cold.
Inside I'm feeling the cold.
Please let me see and
please let me know.
My heart will
always seek to grow.
All I have to do is
let it take the lead.
My heart has a better
plan and a bigger dream.
[PENCIL WRITING]
>> We are experiencing
a failure of more.
But let's not give up on more.
More is a good thing.
We just have to ask ourselves,
what is the real more?
What is the real more that
I'm really, really after?
The clearer we get
about that more, then
everything else can fall away.
And then I think what happens
is we get in touch with what's
true and what's real and what
our heart really longs for.
>> I personally believe
that we need each other.
When I was younger, I was taught
not to need anybody, that--
you know, need yourself and
rely on yourself, and maybe
your family.
And I need other people.
I know I need other
people on my team.
And I also want to be
on other people's teams.
>> We're seeing more and more
individuals who are actually
responding far more to not
where they're the victim,
but where they're the hero.
It's where, I like
that idea, and I'm
going to share that
with Frank, because I
know that could be really
valuable for that person there.
>> You see that a lot of
wealthy people, truly,
truly abundant people
who are in that space,
where they don't have
anything to prove.
And it's so beautiful that
when you meet those people,
they're so genuine.
They're so authentic.
They're not trying
to prove anything.
They're very generous, but
they're generous with wisdom.
It's mixed with
wisdom, because they
have learned to be discerning.
They have learned that there
are people that you can give
and give and give to, and it's
like putting sand down a rat
hole, because those people
don't-- they aren't in a space
to receive and then do something
with what they've received.
And in that case, when you're
giving to those people,
the people who aren't
in the space to receive,
what they receive weakens them.
It doesn't strengthen them.
And so discernment from
the space of abundance
is understanding how to
give to other people,
how to serve other
people, and who's
serving will help them to
expand, and who's serving
will weaken them.
And you don't serve people
who you would weaken.
>> And if we have this healthy
relationship with giving
as much as we can, we will
receive more than we ever
thought humanly possible.
>> When you become abundant,
there's two things you do.
One is when things are
going great, you give help.
And when things are going
bad, you ask for help.
>> For me, it's powerful to
have a mentor and be a guide.
So I'm not lost in
just being a guide.
I'm not just lost in
just being a mentor.
But I have a receive and give
role, receive and give role,
receive and give role.
To me, when that
circle is complete,
then my learning through
my mentors magnifies.
And then what I am learning
and get to share with others,
it doesn't have to be formal.
It could be through a chat.
It could be over a coffee.
It could be through
simple advice.
It could be through the
demonstration of how you act
and how you live.
That sharing of your being is
going to influence other people
as well.
That completes the circuit.
>> We had one group who met
weekly for an entire year
on the phone.
And the whole focus
of the phone call
was to identify these limiting
beliefs that they all had
and to change them and
to work with each other.
And it was incredible to
see how every single one
of these people's lives changed
in terms of them attracting
more wealth into
their lives, having
happier family relationships,
and also having
higher self-esteem and feeling
better about themselves.
So it's a good idea
to form a mastermind
or get with other people who
are like-minded like you,
and really work to create
positive change together.
>> There's no one who is
so individualistic that
they're doing this on an island.
You do want to get out
and find a new village
to be part of, a new
community to be part of.
It's not about having to do
it all yourself and make up
every role yourself.
It's really more about
finding the other people
on this planet whose
values resonate
better with what you're doing
than where you were before.
>> When we know who we
are and what we value,
and then we start looking for
a community in alignment with
those values, in alignment
with our belief systems,
then the world is open to us.
Now the whole world
can be our community.
>> You have to do
life by yourself,
but you can't do it alone.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> (VOICEOVER) So why did that
crazy chicken cross the road?
>> (VOICEOVER) We still
haven't figured it out.
>> (VOICEOVER) Why didn't
you say hi in the cafe?
>> (VOICEOVER) I didn't know if
you'd remember me from school.
>> (VOICEOVER) Of
course, I remember.
>> (VOICEOVER) So you design
art that hangs in office spaces?
>> (VOICEOVER) Well, I make art,
but not much of it is hanging
in offices yet.
>> (VOICEOVER) You know,
I think we should talk.
I have an idea that could
work for both of us.
>> (VOICEOVER) Cool.
I'm pretty free.
Let's meet up soon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PENCIL WRITING]
>> Money is just a symbol.
It's not about that really.
It's about receiving.
So for me, the purpose of
money is to be a good receiver
and to let life
really, really love me.
The flip side to that is to
learn how to give in a way
where I recognize that giving,
true giving, has no real loss.
>> There is a charge you get.
There's an energy charge you
get when you help someone out.
There's nothing I've found
in terms of stuff or comforts
that can match that charge.
But you have to discover
it for yourself,
because when you read
about it or hear about it,
you just don't get it.
You don't get how
amazing you can be.
>> For me, one of
the most gratifying,
exciting things about moving
to abundance and about what
I've created in my life is that
I'm able to make an impact.
This is the central
driver of my life--
it really is-- is making
an impact on people, making
a positive impact on people.
>> I can't really point to any
abundance in my life that has
come through doing anything
other than trying to be
of service to people.
>> There isn't a bigger gift
in the world than being able
to touch somebody's life
with something that you say
or something that you've
discovered that you can share
with them that helps them
transform their lives.
To know that you had a little
itty-bitty piece of that
is the biggest
blessing in the world.
It's probably the
biggest addiction I have.
>> You can't go wrong when
you come from that place.
You can't.
Because you suddenly realize
you have an abundance of wealth
in everyone you've
really connected to,
and in experiences you've had--
the good, the bad, the ugly--
that you can pass on in ways
that can be of value to them,
provided it's not about you,
provided it's about them.
>> So I had a young
guy, for example,
who was speaking to
an important group.
And he was nervous.
He was sweating.
He was sort of closed down.
And I said, so what's going on?
He said, well, you know, I want
to prove that I'm valuable.
I said, OK, that is
the key word, prove,
because it's about himself.
I said, you have
information they don't.
What if we shift that word
and swapped in to share?
So it's not to prove.
It's to share, which is about
service, to help, to give.
So he reframed his intention
from to prove into to share.
And all of a sudden, he relaxed.
It was about service.
It was about giving.
It was about helping,
providing information to people
who didn't have that before.
So it made him feel better.
It made them feel.
Better and it made the
speech transcendent.
>> Many people look at
power, the concept of power,
as a pushing of force,
striving, looking at power as--
well, we often see
it in corporations.
Powerful people are--
they push people.
They make things happen.
They get things done.
That's force.
Power is an internal
state of being.
Power, if you look at
the laws of energy,
power is the accept
of the openness
to allow things to
flow, to flow out
in a responsible,
disciplined, courageous way,
and to flow back in
an accepting, open,
willing-to-receive way.
And that's true power.
>> For me, power is about,
how many people can I help?
How many people can I--
can I take this hand and
stretch it out to another person
and help?
And can I scale that?
How many people
could I do that for?
Is there a way I
could expand that?
And when I started
seeing power in that way,
it became empowering
instead of being limiting.
>> And the real you
that's really authentic,
living that's really
inspired from within,
when the voice and vision on
the inside really are alive,
you wake up that celestial view.
You wake up that real calling
that gives you permission
to do something extraordinary.
[PENCIL WRITING]
>> Everything that we're looking
for in this world, really,
what we're looking for is
a quality of our true self.
And when you know that, when you
know that we're not just here
to search for happiness,
but to follow our joy,
when you know that we're not
just here to look for love,
but to actually be
a loving person,
then we can turn it around.
And then we can
see that actually
instead of having, having,
having in order to be,
what if we started
with the being?
What if we said today, I'm
going to be a loving person.
Today, I'm going to
be guided by love.
>> One being-- looking at the
ease with which you can change
your mind, because changing your
mind and choosing a new path is
a quick and easy
thing sometimes.
>> I think a lot of people
think that change is really hard
and change is something
you have to strive for.
I know I spent a lot of years
striving, striving, striving,
striving.
And all it got me
was exhaustion.
I don't think I changed.
I didn't change much at all.
I kept myself so busy so
I wouldn't have to change.
So for me, it wasn't
in the striving.
It was in the letting go.
>> There's a voice.
Live it.
Just step into it.
That's what I have
to say about that.
It's much simpler than what
anyone makes it out to be.
>> It's very easy with
self-help and self-development
and personal development
to get serious.
I mean, who laughs in yoga?
Everyone's so
serious about yoga.
But years ago, I took a class.
It was just great, because there
was a lot of laughing in it,
you know?
When we couldn't get a
position or the teacher
was explaining something, and
it was such a freeing class,
because it didn't have
to be so self-important.
And I think it's a great sign.
If you're having any kind of
humor through the process,
you're going to move
so much more quickly.
>> You see the Dalai Lama.
All the time, he's
always laughing.
And I think that
shows you that you
have to be able to laugh at
yourself more than anything.
Pretty much all the
real big spiritual
teachers, they all
laugh at themselves
and tell stories
about themselves
and all of the dumb
things they did
and how they've learned
from those things.
>> One of my favorite
quotes, business quotes,
is from Paul Newman, who
said, "Always take the work
seriously.
Never take yourself seriously."
And I think that's a
great motto to live by.
The more you can approach
your life, your friends,
your community, and yourself
with some openheartedness
and some humor, the better
life you're going to have.
>> So in life, we've got to
go out there and be great,
meaning go out and
get help, right?
And ask for help, and recognize
that we're all connected.
We're all in this together.
So the more we help
each other move forward,
the better off the system gets,
and the system gets better.
And when the system gets
better, we all get better.
And it makes everyday
living better.
That's really the secret.
>> I mean, this is about us
now going and actually creating
the experience, which
makes life worth living.
>> If you want your employees
to flourish in the work
environment, you
need to inspire them.
You need to create a space that
they want to come to every day,
that they can think creatively.
>> Exactly.
And as you can see, creative
space and creative thinking
will result in
creative outcomes.
Now, this place is lacking
a little bit of creativity,
but that's where we come in.
We can turn this place into
something truly wonderful.
To illustrate, would creativity
flow better here or here?
>> If there's one piece of
advice I give over and over
again, it's find
some stubbornness.
Find some stubbornness.
You have something
to contribute,
and you might not
know what it is yet.
And that's OK.
Be stubborn about
finding that thing
that you can contribute that
will create abundance for you
and create abundance for others.
Be flexible about what
the path is going to be.
So on the one side,
you are unwaveringly
stubborn that there is a path
and you're going to find it.
And then the other
side, it keeps
an openness and
sense of humor about,
you don't know what it is.
And that's OK.
If you can keep those two
in balance-- your curiosity
and your stubbornness--
you are going to get there.
I promise you you are
going to get there.
>> Find whatever tools,
whatever role models,
whatever ways to challenge the
old beliefs and the old ideas.
And go out there and get there.
It's possible to do it.
I've done it.
I've seen other people do it.
Go do it.
[PENCIL WRITING]
>> So let me remember who I am.
Let me remember my true
power, my true creativity,
my true beauty.
And when I remember that,
then I can befriend money
in a whole other way
where now I can actually
walk out into the world
with a healthy relationship
with money.
And this money can be a
reflection of my relationship
with myself, my true self, the
self that knows it's lovable,
the self that knows that
happiness is our DNA,
the self that knows that true
abundance is an experience
of who we really are.
>> My experience of
abundance is everything,
literally everything,
is different.
I don't look at anything
the same as I did.
I get to hang out with
the people I want.
I get to have the
clients I want.
I get to fire the clients
that I don't want,
which is an amazing thing.
So I get to work
with who I want.
I get to work with the
team members I want.
I get to reward people
with what I want.
>> Abundance, for me, means
sharing whatever resources I
have without worrying whether
I'm going to be paid back
for whatever I share, and just
letting that go and giving
my generosity, and trusting
that the universe will take care
of me.
>> For me, money, abundance is
really a way to purchase life
experiences on this Earth plane.
That's it.
That's the highest
purpose of money
is to purchase more life
experiences on this Earth
plane.
So recognize money is
not there to hoard.
It's not a thing to protect
you, to put walls around you,
to keep you separate
from others.
It's not something
there to elevate you
so that you can have
safety and distance
and keep away from the masses.
For me, abundance, as it
relates to money and earning,
is all about what is
in my soul that I wish
to experience in this world.
>> It turns out there are two
clear research findings from
money and happiness
correlations.
One is if you have
experiences with your money,
if you use them to create
experiences and have
experiences, like
go on vacation,
and have a great time, that--
money makes a difference there.
If you use money to buy
experience that moves you
and that's meaningful.
And the second thing
is if you give it away.
That is if you're
generous with your money,
if you're charitable
with your money,
if you help other
people with your money.
That clearly raises
happiness levels.
>> Abundance exists.
Buckminster Fuller said that
right here on this planet
you've got every
single thing we say
is a problem is not a problem
from the point of view
that we have enough of it.
There's enough food, but
people are still hungry.
There's enough teachers,
but there's still not
enough education.
There's enough drugs or
cures, but we still end up
with health care being
one of the biggest issues.
So every one of these issues
is a distribution issue.
It's there.
It's not something distributed.
And that's not because the
technology is not there,
it's because the human
consciousness has not
caught up with technology to be
able to harness it effectively.
So this is not a
challenge of abundance
that the world doesn't
have abundance.
It does.
It's a challenge that we
ourselves collectively
in our consciousness
have not shifted
to an abundant mindset, which
allows us to then actually use
all these resources that
are waiting for us to be
able to share, to be able
to connect together and make
it happen.
>> For me, abundance is having
a total connection with this
loving, supportive, nurturing
energy that comes through me,
and allowing it to
work through me,
and manifest however it wants
to manifest to heal the world.
>> The most amazing thing
is when you live abundantly,
you inspire others
to live abundantly.
And that inspiration, that shift
in mindset is there is nothing
more-- nothing--
there is no higher
purpose you could possibly
have in this world than
inspiring someone else.
And if you can inspire
abundance in someone else,
that has amazing ripples.
>> So for me, it's
abundance in time,
abundance in appreciation,
abundance in money--
that's nice, too--
abundance in energy, health.
All these areas
where there's enough.
There's enoughness.
>> Abundance is one of those
words that's very hard to grasp
in a practical setting.
So to put it in a
day to day example,
it's letting someone in
line in front of you.
It's not panicking
about the time.
It's seeing someone else having
success or reading about it
and saying, that's great,
and I can have that, too.
It's saying a kind
word to someone.
It's looking at yourself in the
mirror and saying, all right,
we're OK.
It's feeling a sense
of freedom and movement
in your body, and
not a tightness.
It's feeling joy
instead of fear.
It's feeling free
instead of caged.
>> The more flow,
the more abundance.
The more abundance,
the more peace.
The more peace, the more love.
The more love,
there's more truth.
The more truth,
it's just nature.
So you are abundance.
You are abundance.
>> Here it is.
>> Welcome to your new space.
>> I love it.
I love it.
Thank you so much.
>> You're very welcome.
>> Thank you so much.
>> It's been our pleasure.
[MUSIC - WES CARR, "ANTHEM"]
>> (SINGING) I come alive.
Like the son again, I will rise.
In this moment I'm like a fire.
I will feed on love.
I am burning up for you.
I'm tearing up right now.
Oh, can anybody
hear me out there?
Is anyone alive out there?
This is the anthem
for the lost soul.
This is a time that
will never grow old.
This is the sound of the stereo.
This is the anthem for the lost.
Tell me what you want.
We are gods.
We are women and men.
We are stars.
We [INAUDIBLE] now.
Lose or win.
We are the universe
in this moment.
Ha!
Don't forget the moment.
We are one.
Oh, can anybody
hear me out there?
Is anyone alive out there?
This is the anthem
for the lost soul.
This is a time that
will never grow old.
This is the sound of the stereo.
This is the anthem for the lost.
Tell me what you want.
And I never thought
I'd ever see it.
The day we would light
up the whole sky.
Send a message
you're never alone.
So tell me what
you want right now.
Right now.
Tell me what you want right now.
This is the anthem
for the lost soul.
This is a time that
will never grow old.
This is the sound of the stereo.
This is the anthem for the lost.
Tell me what you want.
This is the anthem
for the lost soul.
This is a time that
will never grow old.
This is a sound of the stereo.
This is the anthem for the lost.
Tell me what you want.
Tell me what you want now.